That's how it works. You have to sell
your soul. They had to have control and
power over you. They cannot allow you to
be influential if they don't control
you. That's what Epstein's Island was
about. This podcast will be watched by
government agencies. They will watch
this. They will analyze with a
psychiatrist. Me, you, how I talk, my
body language, the things I say. I mean,
you're talking about governmental
officials that could be watching that
video. Forget governmental officials.
Andrew Tate. They were trying to have an
influence on me, etc. Andrew Tate.
Andrew Tate. This is them carefully, my
brother. It's a message. I hope you
watch this.
I am a Rever and I was taught how to
pray Salah. That means every single time
I pray, the person who told me gets the
reward five times a day from fud to Isa.
If you want to support someone like me
in learning salah, then sponsor 10
people for just £100 this Ramadan.
Remember the prophet peace be upon him
said, "Charity does not decrease wealth.
Click the button and donate
[Music]
now." Brothers and sisters and dear
friends, hope you guys are in. So take
in this part two which I'm reacting to
delves dives a bit deeper into the
Illuminati and the matrix and the ones
who are controlling and about the
Islamic perspective on this inshallah um
about those guys who's at the top and
who are controlling the whole world and
promoting this evilness inshallah
Zionism Zionist it's it's it's those
inshallah these individuals who are
controlling everything from degeneracy
and destroying the young men in the
western world and around the world uh to
corruption. Let's see what he had to
say. Question for you. What makes a man
more enslaved? All right. The guy that's
living paycheck to paycheck in the rat
race or someone that has money and power
but stay silent on big topics that
matter. Maybe it's more specific and
injustice. It's a really good question.
It's a really good question. What makes
a man more enslaved? Well, I mean
physically your physical body is going
to be more enslaved if you're working
paycheck to paycheck. But if you can say
whatever you think, then your soul is
going to feel more free. However, your
ability to speak freely is directly
correlated to your insignificance. So
it's not as brave to do when you're
insignificant. Right? There's a lot of
people who say the same things I say,
but they don't have the platform I have.
So it doesn't take the same degree of
bravery because and it hurts them more.
Well, this they can lose their their
job, their one job that pays them that
paycheck that feeds their children. It's
a really interesting question. I think
you know it's very interesting guys
because they're talking about being
enslaved in a macro level. Let's go to a
macro level cuz in the Quran Allah
subhanaa tala if you read it brothers
and sisters here so Allahhana says inah
verse 29 Allah says forth the parable
Allah is given a parable of a slave
owned by several kusome masters and a
slave owned by only one master. Are they
equal in condition? Praise be to Allah.
In fact, most of them do not know. Okay.
Now, brothers and sisters, very very
interesting. Allah is saying, "Yeah,
Allah's given a parable and he's saying,
have you seen like for example says a
parable of a slave owned by several
masters and a slave owned by one master?
Are they equal in condition?" Of course,
they are not. The one who has master
follows one individual telling him what
to do. Very simple. The tasks are clear.
Yes, that master is not uh oppressive
and that master was talking about Allah
subhana wa ta'ala and there are those
who are multiple yes fake deities human
beings creation who are telling you jump
one saying sit one saying roll one
saying do this you don't know what to do
so what they're talking about in the
podcast with uh that Stacy and um Andrew
T they're talking about a macro level of
you know who's more free they're talking
about the industry who's being uh forced
which we we're going to carry on
watching in you can clearly see they
talking about a macro level I'm going to
go deeper into this, but let's just
watch this just for context. I mean, I'm
trying to think who's truly free, even
amongst the elites. Exactly. There's not
many. And especially amongst the famous.
The famous really have a big problem.
Hollywood now with what's going on with
Hollywood, right? Well, everyone is a
gatekeeper. I'm one of the only people
who managed to get globally famous and
renowned without having a gatekeeper. If
you're on a basketball team, you're a
team gatekeep. If you say anything
you're not supposed to say, you're off
the team. If you're a movie, if you're
an actress and you say something you're
not supposed to say, the producers won't
hire you anymore. And the record labels,
record labels, YouTube, there's always
someone who will shut you down if you
start speaking in a way you're not
supposed to speak. And the way they
avoid this from happening is the same
thing they tried to do to me. I got
offered $55 million to sign a contract.
And that contract was a sponsorship
contract. But to avoid brand damage to
this brand, I had to shut up about
certain issues and change my opinions on
certain things. And I declined the
money. And soon after that, I was
arrested. So what they try and do is
give you a gatekeeper if you get famous
without one. But primarily people only
get famous because of their gatekeeper.
All of these famous people aren't even
famous. This is what's really amazing.
Taylor Swift or Rihanna or whoever, I'm
not insulting them. I'm saying that they
can make any piece of trash song.
All the radios are going to play it. All
the TV stations are going to play it.
They're going to pump it everywhere.
They're going to put it to the front of
the Spotify recommended list. They're
going to make it something it isn't.
Okay. Interesting. So, here he's going
into detail about there are people in
the industry that have gatekeepers,
those who keep them in jail. And who are
they being uh the puppets of the guys
right at the top? They work in with them
with Shayan withl. It's simple as that,
brothers and sisters. And they are being
told not based on good or bad. That's
why those who are being quiet about the
whole Gala situation are those who are
being manipulated. And you can clearly
see they are telling them what to do.
Even though they can be one gate keeper
in that instance they are talking
against the truth and falsehood is
mismashed it's mixed that's the reason
why they do what based on the desires
not based on justice that's why Allah
says in the Quran speak for justice even
if it's against yourself or your kin
they don't have the guts like people
like DJ Khaled scumbag dirt bag he's a
dirt bag the biggest sellout yes the
biggest flipping sellout yes and this is
another insult to you another one DJ
Khaled yes okay so subhan Allah you can
see that when Allahh talks about this
Allah that when you have Allahh as your
true lord and this is what I see when I
came to Islam I was already a slave
everybody is born to be a slave
alhamdulillah yes okay like one
philosopher says man is born free but in
shackles everywhere I was a slave to the
creation already when I enslaved myself
to Allah I enslaved myself to the true
creator that deserves me to be enslaved
myself to him and he's my master that is
when I found my true freedom and freed
myself from the chains of the servitude
to the creation and servitude to the
creator. We are all bound to be a
servitude to someone. So what Andrew
Tate and Stacy is talking about there is
the micro level of um uh being a slave
and enslave and being controlled. Let's
carry on because that's why they're
famous in the first place or gatekeepers
make them famous. If they lose their
gatekeeper, even if they could now
become a free person, they don't have
enough agency or enough about them to
actually do it. I was one of the few
people who had no gatekeeper and
everybody trying to suppress me who was
managing to organically gain endless
traction. They banned me. They
shadowbanned me. They deleted my
hashtags. They tried everything. They
couldn't get rid of me. That caused a
huge problem for them. Everyone else,
whoever spoke out online, as soon as
Gatekeepers deleted them, they just
vanished from the internet. They're
gone. Yeah. So, who's even truly free
now? Very few people. I wouldn't be
saying if I would have signed that
contract I signed and we were still
doing this podcast, I wouldn't have said
95% of the things I've said, I wouldn't
be allowed to say them. But I would also
you would you wouldn't have agency
anymore. You can't really make your
decision. So, uh that's right. You know
what I mean? You you would maybe take a
backseat because you're depending on
someone to do the work for you. Again,
here this I I disagree. Like Andrew Tate
might be free from like he said that
there was a contract that was signed to
him 50 million and don't do this. He
spoke about Gaz. No problem. You can
come and say you know what he's not
enslaved into in that way. He doesn't
have a gate a gatekeeper on him. He
doesn't have someone looking after him
because he has uh independency. Yes. He
doesn't have someone who's controlling
him. And if you say this no problem but
Andrew Tate you are a gate uh your
gatekeeper is Shayan. How all of us is.
Yes. In the way where Shayan is now
gatekeeping in what context? In the
context of your desires. Like in Ramadan
look he was eating, drinking, gambling,
partying, cubbing, all this kind of
stuff. Okay. So you can see Allah says
in the Quran have you seen the one who
takes his desires as his own god. So you
might not be influenced and say oh this
person can't tell me what to etc. But
your desires is telling you what to do.
Your desires is telling you okay how to
behave and following your own desires
and whims. So you are not free from this
because on a macro level we say that you
are truly free when you enslave and
submit your will to God almighty's
commands and fully submit and you
haven't done that yet. So you might be
coming and saying I am free from this
and that and that true to a certain
extent whether other people might be
doing it for whatever reasons and they
are influenced and they've got this you
know they've got you know god knows what
on them etc epsin island etc. You don't
have that. However, still you are a you
are chained to your desires and you will
truly find true freedom. Like Allah says
in the Quran, you will only find tr when
you insave yourself to that one master.
Right now you still have a couple of
masters and that is your desires. Yes,
bear that in mind. So don't think that
you are free from this even though
you're talking hide and I'm not. No, no,
no. But deep, deep, deep, deep, deep
down. Yes, you are following your
desires. Still bear that in mind. I'm
just saying as a goodwill to you as a
brother to bear that in mind. And then a
year goes down the line, you're no
longer putting in the work yourself. And
that person doesn't want you to be
doesn't want to represent you anymore.
You're like, "Shit, what do I do now?"
Well, you sell your soul. You sell your
soul, you lose your edge, you shut up,
you sell your soul, and then you end up
needing your gatekeeper. So my
gatekeeper, let's imagine I would have
signed that contract. The gatekeeper
would have prevented me saying certain
things, but that would have also made my
content far less engaging. So I would
have been far less famous. So I now need
them to promote me to keep me famous,
which is going to give them even more
control and more power over me till I
eventually start trying to convince
people home to chop their balls off and
wear a wig, which is how it all works
because most famous people don't want to
lose being famous and go back. Okay,
that's really good, Angel. you're
talking about, you know, um that you you
don't go and do this, etc., whatever it
is for this matter, that they they have
to do certain stuff. You're not going to
do that generously and transgenderism
and LGBTQ whatever. But then you you
still you still, like I said, you
promote uh what Shayan wants you to
promote by sins, living a lifestyle of
hedenism. Yes. Okay. Day-to-day desires,
wants, etc. That's what you did even in
Ramadan. The fact that in Ramadan, out
of all months in Ramadan, you did not
stop and went ahead and did that, it
shows that my friend Andrew, you are no
I mean, you're not that different. You
know, you are now the Shayan is is is
the one that's controlling you and
you're falling for those desires. So
before you think that you are absolutely
free from this, you are not. You really
are not. Bear that in mind, my friend.
You are not. You will only truly be free
when you submit to your your will to
Allahh truly. Then you will break those
shackles and you will know what true
freedom feels like when you don't have
to do this stuff and promote this kind
of stuff that you talk about. It's
degeneracy. Then why are you promoting
it? Why you promoting this kind of stuff
when you know it destroys that? because
you are enslaved to your desires. He's
in another series. That's how it works.
You have to sell your soul. They have to
have control and power over you. They
cannot allow you to be influential if
they don't control you. That's what
Epstein's Island was about. That's what
my criminal cases are about. That's what
all of this is about. Because I am
massively influential and they don't
control me. And it bothers them to their
core. This podcast will be watched by
government agencies. They will watch
this. They will analyze with a
psychiatrist me, you, how I talk, my
body language, the things I say. They
will take certain excerpts of it and
give it to prosecutors. They will try
and drum up charges. All of it because
they're afraid that I influence people
in a way that their mainstream media
garbage cannot. The entire world is a
battle for influence. And if you're
influential, they need to get you under
somebody. Kanye, he had somebody. I'll
let you look this up. I won't say the
guy's name. Kanye had a personal
trainer. You know about this? That's
right. A gatekeeper. Funny. He was the
same personal trainer to Britney, I
believe. Funny how they all go crazy,
these people. Isn't this weird? For
mental mental illnesses, all these crazy
celebrities. Isn't this strange? Isn't
this strange? The ones who don't say
what they're supposed to say end up with
the same personal trainer and end up
having mental illness. Isn't this odd?
The world is so much darker than people
believe because the matrix is trying to
never endingly push and control a
certain narrative so that the huge
percentages the huge swaths of the
population who are getting over don't
revolt. I mean you're talking about
governmental officials that are going to
be watching that video. Forget
governmental officials. Andrew Tate.
Yes. And they were trying to have an
influence on etc. Andrew Tate. Andrew
Tate. Listen carefully my brother. This
a message. I hope you watch this. Forget
government bodies and all that kind of
people who are working for
El is watching you. Not on a video. He's
watching you. We believe he's watching
every step of you and seeing how you are
being influenced or what you're doing or
if you're working for him or against
him. Ask yourself a question. Are you
working for him or against him? This the
real question because you are now
thinking like you're not you're talking
on a macro level of being influenced and
the government bodies. Forget that man.
Go on a macro level. Macro level which
isl your biggest enemy. Allah says in
the Quranl is your enemy and take him as
an enemy. The question I'm asking you is
this Andrew. Are you truly taking him as
an enemy? because he's watching you and
he's looking at your psychology. He's
looking at very carefully and he knows
you inside out. He's made many people
enter the hellfire by whispering are you
serving him or are you serving your
lord? We can all fall short. I'm not
going to try and say that you are I'm
not saying that. I'm saying be careful
because it seems like you're on a macro
level looking at micro stuff but the
macro is rather more dangerous which you
are not seeing and the unseen world is
far more dangerous than the scene world.
So forget the team word for now which is
talking about you freed yourself from
and you are they can't influence you.
The unseen world has got the grip on you
my brother. Rich, right? This is
American dream that doesn't exist
anymore. You get rich in Dubai, you get
rich in America. And as for free, I
think America has more laws than any
other country on earth. It also has a
larger percentage of its population
incarcerated than any other country on
earth. And America is a police state.
And I'm in Dubai. And you could argue
that Dubai has very stringent laws and
could be called a police state, but
Dubai offers me safety. And Dubai also
offers me massive opportunity. America's
a police state where I have no safety
and no opportunity. So I have to be
afraid of the government and the
criminals and I'm broke. So what am I
there for? Well, they're there because
of patriotism. America, don't go over to
the Middle East. They're all ragheads.
That's bad. Bomb. Baghdad. Shock and all
Matrix Weapons of
mass destruction. That is all. You know
that there's a huge department in the
Pentagon that pays for Hollywood movies
so that they could push the narrative
that they want to push about the Middle
East who's a bad guy. Hide what the CIA
is actually doing in states that don't
belong to them. That's right. So, uh,
AB. Well, this is I mean, we can go
deeper down the rabbit hole. This this
is why America as a whole loves this
idea of democracy so much and pushes
this idea of democracy because they make
you feel like you're involved in the
decision-making and also they get to
choose all the leaders of all the other
countries. And Exactly. And that's what
El does with his, you know, little
minions, little soldiers that it gives
the western people in the western world
where they think that, yeah, we're
voting. You're voting for the same guy.
You're voting for the same person.
You're just under assumption. Oh, my
vote. And then you complain, oh, he
didn't promise, he promised. It's the
same cycle that continues. And actually,
you are so smart. You are so sharp. I
hope you just use that smartness and
that sharpness to the unseen world and
understand how El Shan is using you.
Yes. In a way that you're not even
realizing. That's how deep it is man.
That's what I'm going to say brother and
sisters. Hope you guys have benefited
from this inshallah and for those who
are watching like the Allah the param
Allah gave having multiple masters to
one one master that's Allah who's
created the heavens and the earth and
the greatest form of service is to serve
him and the greatest form of freedom is
to free Allah is to free yourself from
your desires and sisters hope you guys
benefited
better.